Prefix colliding libsodium symbols (#488)
IntersectMBO/cardano-base: cardano-crypto-praos/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog for `cardano-crypto-praos`

> # Next version
> 
> * Prefixed private bundled c functions with `cardano_` to ensure they are not
>   silently overwritten.
> 
> ## 2.1.2.1
> 
> *

Reviewer: We don't have `Next version` in `cardano-ledger` and `cardano-base`. This allows us to cut a release from `master` at any time without any special preceding PRs

See this section about the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-base/blob/master/RELEASING.md#changelogmd)

Also could you please bump up the version in the cabal file
```suggestion
## 2.2.0.0

* Prefixed private bundled c functions with `cardano_` to ensure they are not
  silently overwritten.
```
